To finish up the mess let's just go ahead and Mir over the arms and the leg.
I think I'll go ahead and combine this whole leg together again to measure it over.
We're going to be combining And breaking this whole thing up several times as we go through the process
of U-V mapping rigging things like that.
So I'm not going to worry too much about it at this point.
I'm just going to go ahead and combine these with control J.
And then I will set the origin to the 3D cursor and hopefully that will allow me to add a mirror modifier
here and mirror that over.
So I'll do the same thing for the arm.
I'll do the upper arm lower arm and the hand sphere here.
All combine all those with control J and set the origin to the 3D cursor and add a mirror modifier for
that as well.
And now the reason why I didn't combine the fingers with the rest of the arm is that these are the only
pieces that aren't smooth.
I could go in and smooth each one of these but I kind of like them being unsmooth.
So I don't want to combine this combine these with objects that are smooth because they'll then pick
up the subdivisions surface modifier as well.
So if I'm to keep them I'm smoothed I'm going to have to keep them as their own objects.
But for now I'll select all of them I'll press control J to combine them into one object.
I'll take the origin and put it to the 3D cursor and then add the mirror modifier and that will not
do as we'd hoped.
So take a look at that.
I think what we need to do is get rid of the mere modifier here and take a look at our rotation in the
properties panel and sure enough we need to apply rotation to this so I want to press control a and
apply rotation and scale.
And now if we apply a mirror modifier to this they should pop over properly now.
Another thing I just thought of is I might like to put some sort of a spotlight or something on the
top of the body here simply because I think I might want to have a light shine off of him when he comes
down into the environment.
I'm not sure.
But just in case that's the case I thought I'd give it a try.
So I'm going to go to a brand new layer here.
And I think I'll begin with a cylinder and I'll just give it 12 Sides this time
and I'll use a triangle fan for the cap.
Phil I'll go ahead and rotate it and bring up the properties panel with the key and type in 90 degrees
here.
So this is going to be the back part of the light.
So if I move this up and I think I want it to be about like this I don't think I need these faces here
so I'll select those and delete those.
I think back here I'd like to select these faces and extrude them in so many hit the e key and then
the S key and the E and push it in and again click n s and e and pull this part out about like that.
I think I'm like every two faces here around the side something like this and I'll go ahead over to
the tools tab and use this extrude region and I'll pull these out and I'll go ahead and add a subdivision
surface modifier and see how it looks and I'll smooth it when I hit the tab key.
We can kind of see what needs to be done here.
I think all that really needs to be done is a couple of edge loops here.
So maybe a couple along here.
And maybe a couple in side here.
That looks like we probably need a couple in here and we may also need a couple for each one of these
here.
All right so I have that piece.
I'm going to select an edge along here and put the cursor to that selection and then I'll create another
cylinder.
And this time once again I'll rotate it 90 degrees.
For this one I'll make it a little bigger.
Kind of like this.
Yeah something like that.
I probably don't need these faces back here
and I can delete those.
And I think up here I just need to do some extruding again so easy to extrude click ass the pullback
in and that should be good for now.
For this one I think I'll take every other face and do the same kind of thing as I did on the previous
piece.
Just extrude out a bit and I'll also take these faces and maybe extrude those forward just to give it
a little bit of interest.
Something like that.
This piece back here this edge should probably extrude in
like so let's smooth it and see how it how it looks.
I'm going to add a subdivision surface modifier smooth here and then begin adding a few more edge loops.
So maybe for each one of these I'll add two and then each one of these I'll add two.
Now I could have created the cylinder with more sides at the beginning but I didn't know really where
I was going with it so that's ok.
I should probably create a couple of edge loops here and scale these out so maybe one in here like that
and then up here I could probably insert a couple this way.
And maybe also a couple in here
looks like I need to do a few in here
like so
and lastly I think what I'll do is select this vertex.
Here Snap the cursor to it and I'll create a U-V sphere and I'll rotate it once again in the x 90 degrees.
Scale it up a bit and I think what I want to do is delete half of this and then kind of flatten it.
So I'll zoom in here.
Pressed the three key the five key Z and then tab into edit mode and go to face mode and with the borders
select tool I'll drag these and delete those with the x key.
Now I can come back to object mode and scale this so it's a little bit flatter like that.
Take a look at that and maybe move that back in here.
And that'll be just the lens of the light.
Looks like I need to push this back some like that.
All right.
So now I'm going to take all of these objects and press control J to combine them and I'll move them
up and over just a bit I'm going to create a post or a stem for this to rest on.
So to do that I will once again create a cylinder and scale this to shape.
So I believe I'll delete the faces on the top and the bottom here
so I don't need that.
So when I smooth this it moves without me needing to insert edge loops.
One last piece the little housing that'll hold the light on to the body of the Mac.
I'll create a cylinder.
And this time I'll choose nothing for the cap fill and I'll bring this up.
Scale it in the z a bit and place it where it needs to go.
And for this once again I'll just do some extruding and scaling.
So I'll hit the key and click and scale in the key and click and move up and the scale in and this time
I think I'm going to hit me and move down and then scale.
And so it kind of collapses into that post all subdivided
I'll smooth it and I'll add some edge loops to hold the edges.
The only thing I think I need is a little socket or a ball for it to rotate at.
I don't really have a place for it to rotate so I think what I'll do is move these points down here.
Move the cursor to the selected points and create just a U-V sphere.
All smooth that
scale it down and move it into place.
Just going to like that edge and kind of move it right up to that sphere.
And then we go let's come combine everything with control J.
Let's move the origin to the cursor and then let's see how it's going to fit on the Mac here.
It's kind of big.
We kind of expected that.
But if I move it up and into place let's see how it looks and scale it down a bit.
All right.
So now what I'm going to do is grab these edges down here and just move them straight down into the
body like that.
All right.
So let's see if that works.
I'm not sure that that's going to work but it's something I had an idea and I thought I'd try it all
rename it real quick and there we go.
Looks like we have our Meck.
So for now I think we can set this aside and begin working on our environment.